for all of you out there who don't know
me
get ready
because you're about to know me hey i
don't see any cops around should i blow
this next one
[Applause]
i'm kurt hey guys hey guys what's up
guys we're going to inject this right on
the label
does this water have like a taste to it
airtight
i will water tight
if you're not documenting yourself
you just don't exist
the mouthfeel on this uh otherworldly
what we're doing here is important we're
creating a brand
you're following me you guys [ __ ] yeah
you don't know what this job's like you
know
where are you going i'm taking you home
this is not the way to my [ __ ] house
kurt oh
no not your home my home
you